Report most accomplished pilots (#1)
Kendy-Tan/Code_review: star-wars.Rmd

```{r setup, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = FALSE)
library(dplyr)
library(tidyr)
library(knitr)
```

## Most accomplished

> Below we look at which 5 characters from Star Wars are the most accomplished pilot (flew the fewest number of starships):

Reviewer: rename the table 
```suggestion
Below we look at which 5 characters from table-of-most-accomplished-pilots (flew the fewest number of starships):
```
